alright this is how i made the parachute
bomb dropper it's just a bunch of balsa
wood glued together with the door flap I
used a plastic tube which i bought a
parachute man in that's the cargo thing
and I split it in half to make it wider
plus I also figured if some air gets in
the front here then it will help push
out the gear out the back so I hang this
from the middle of my slow stick that
way doesn't affect the center of gravity
it stays right where it should I can put
it on take it off and the plane flies
the same way with it or without it I use
these little velcro wire strap things I
use all this stuff for my computer what
cables and I had some exercise slap them
on here bell crow it just like that the
servo I mean I don't know how I did this
I just sat down a new little bit for a
while I hooked it up to my channel 5
gear switch on my controller so that
when I clip it the door closes and opens
you can use just about anything for the
the cargo bay I also have these uh like
a crystal light generic can that would
work great even though it bigger ox
might be nice um but this is just
something I've slapped together in
probably 20 minutes with a lot of hot
glue some spare balsa wood that I had
laying around the house a real small
servo and it's actually worked very well
and hasn't broken yet despite some rough
landings where its bottom def right here
um my name is that's just one idea on
how to make a cargo bay